you might find that certain sailors in your team cause problems and one
way that you can improve that is making sure they all understand what
their purpose is. You'll find a lot of times that people really
don't know why they're doing what they're doing or why they're there.
A simple way to find that out is just sit down with each person individually
and ask them, Why are you here? Don't be condescending when
you ask, obviously. But see if they actually understand what their
purpose is. Why are they doing the job that they're doing? Why are
they coming in every day from 9 to 5, working on this particular mission?
Objective equipment. What have you and really peel that back?
You'll find a lot of people really don't understand why they're doing
what they're doing, and you got to keep kind of probing and don't
take their first answer as the full one because it's more than likely
gonna be superficial. You might have to actually educate them on
why they're here and how they fit into the bigger picture. And once
they really understand that, and why that they're why they're doing
what they're doing and how they're actually part of, ah, larger goal.
Then they're gonna have that buy in, and hopefully that will start
improving the issues that you're having with some of those people.